development notes::
worked on team class draft first
then worked on adding and removing teams from combo box
then worked on the is guest checkbox


working on making it change to the state of the teams is_guest boolean

finished fixing is_guest and have added failsafes to catch index out of range

i have finished the team tab :)




ive now added functionality to the selctedgamecombo box and allow it to set the game type to our teams event
ive been working on the scoreboard and sycronizing the team names and hopefully the data between them. im pllanning to instead of setting up only 6 teams ill use a arraylsit and push one when i need to

ive reworked how i do teams and have now put them into a arraylist, this means when i remove temas the class instance is actually removed from the array, and no longer accsessible by the program


update on the issues:
i had a issue with adding and removing teams from the event table so what i did was add and remove rows according to the amount of teams.


//04/11/2020:
im working on fixing the issue of when you click events it will throw errors.
right so here is the issue:
the issue is that when you change what event your on it will check o see what that events game type is.
yet the game type is only set when selected .
so when you goto a new event. it hasnt been initilized so it throws a error.

///update!
i fixed the issue by chnaging my teamarray setup to automatically initilize the events as notset. this stops the issue of initilization.
ive also syncronized the selctedgamecombobox to the events variable causing it to just be more nicer and easier to use



//another update
ive also now intergrated github.
this is kinda my first time using it in the sense of me pushing it online








to me:
want to have the metallic look
maybe because of the java version : jdk 11:
that it isnt included



//notes on how im going to do something

so 1st idea is for me to make a events class so i can organize the event data and multipliers
second idea is just to horribly define globals variables and use them


